ðŸ§  1. Basic Foundations

Time Complexity & Big O Notation âœ…

Space Complexity âœ…

Recursion & Stack Memory Concept âœ…

Iteration vs Recursionâœ…

ðŸ§© 2. Data Structures
ðŸ”¹ Arrays

Traversal, insertion, deletion âœ…

Prefix sums / Sliding Window

Two-pointer techniques

Sorting algorithms (Bubble âœ…, Selection âœ…, Insertion âœ…, Merge âœ…, Quick)

Searching (Linearâœ…, Binary Search âœ…)

Kadaneâ€™s Algorithm (Maximum subarray)

Matrix problems (spiral, diagonal, rotate matrix)

ðŸ”¹ Strings

Character frequency âœ…

Palindrome checking âœ…

String reversal / rotationâœ…

Substring / Subsequence

Anagram checking âœ…

String compression âœ…

KMP algorithm / Rabin-Karp (for pattern matching â€” optional advanced)

ðŸ”¹ Linked List

Singly & Doubly linked lists âœ…

Insertion / Deletion / Reversal âœ…

Detect loop (Floydâ€™s Cycle Detection) âœ…

Middle of linked list âœ…

Merge two sorted lists âœ…

Intersection point of two lists âœ…

ðŸ”¹ Stack

Stack implementation (array âœ…, linked list âœ…)

Balanced Parentheses âœ…

Next Greater Element

Min Stack

Evaluate Postfix / Prefix expressions

ðŸ”¹ Queue

Queue implementation (array âœ…, linked list âœ…)

Circular Queue âœ…

Deque (Double-ended Queue) âœ…

Stack using Queue / Queue using Stack

Sliding Window Maximum

ðŸ”¹ Trees

Binary Tree & Binary Search Tree (BST âœ…)

Traversals: Inorderâœ…, Preorderâœ…, Postorderâœ… (both recursive & iterative)

Height / Depth of Tree

Lowest Common Ancestor (LCA)

Symmetric Tree, Same Tree, Mirror Tree

Level Order Traversal (BFS)

Diameter of Binary Tree

Convert Sorted Array to BST

ðŸ”¹ Heaps & Priority Queue

Min Heap / Max Heap

Heap Sort

Kth largest/smallest element

Top K frequent elements

Merge K sorted arrays

ðŸ”¹ Hashing / HashMap

Frequency count âœ…

Two Sum problem

Subarray with given sum / zero sum

Longest Consecutive Sequence

Group Anagrams

ðŸ”¹ Graphs

Representation (Adjacency List, Matrix)

BFS & DFS traversal

Detect cycle (Directed & Undirected)

Topological sort

Shortest path algorithms (Dijkstra, Bellman-Ford)

Minimum Spanning Tree (Kruskal, Prim)

Connected Components

ðŸ”¹ Recursion & Backtracking

Permutations / Combinations

N-Queens Problem

Rat in a Maze

Sudoku Solver

Subsets / Power Set

Generate Parentheses

ðŸ”¹ Dynamic Programming (DP)

Start with patterns:

Fibonacci (Top-down / Bottom-up)

Climbing Stairs

0/1 Knapsack

Subset Sum / Partition Equal Subset

Longest Common Subsequence

Longest Increasing Subsequence

Edit Distance

Matrix Chain Multiplication

ðŸ”¹ Greedy Algorithms

Activity Selection

Fractional Knapsack

Huffman Encoding (concept)

Job Sequencing

Minimum Coins for Change

ðŸ”¹ Miscellaneous / Advanced

Bit Manipulation (XOR tricks âœ…, subsets)

Modular Arithmetic

Sliding Window & Two Pointers

Binary Search on Answer

Disjoint Set Union (Union-Find)

Trie (Prefix Tree)

Segment Tree / Fenwick Tree (for range queries â€“ optional advanced)

ðŸ§­ 3. Practice Platforms

Start practicing these:

LeetCode (most recommended)

GeeksforGeeks (GFG)

InterviewBit

CodeStudio (by Coding Ninjas)

ðŸ§± 4. Order to Study

Arrays & Strings âœ…

Linked List âœ…

Stack & Queue

Recursion + Backtracking ...

Trees

Binary Search & Sorting

HashMap & Sets

Heap

Graphs

Dynamic Programming

Greedy



____________________ leetcode + Codeforces_____________________________________________________________//need to update false
------------------ @ means it is from leetcode.com/ZeroGrind
------------------ # means it is from leetcode.com/amitK300
------------------ $ means it is from codeforces.com/prifile/aAmit
------------------ ~ means it is from atcoder.jp/users/amitK300

@1. Two Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/solutions/7194229/java-beats-100-o-n-2

@2. Add Two Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/solutions/7217807/java-beats-100-o-n

#3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/solutions/7096403/java-optimising-soluution-by-amitk300-is8g

$4A: https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/4/A
https://codeforces.com/contest/4/submission/339186441

@7. Reverse Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/solutions/7196590/java-beats-100-o-log-n

@9. Palindrome Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/solutions/7200282/java-beats-100-o-log-n

#11. Container With Most Water
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/solutions/7291178/java-beast-100-two-pointer

@13. Roman to Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/solutions/7209076/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-wuy7

#14. Longest Common Prefix
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/solutions/7182569/java-beats-100-o-n-m

#17. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/solutions/7016663/java-100-o3-n-4-m-by-amitk300-cbl1

#19. Remove Nth Node From End of List
brute force Approach: https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/solutions/7138121/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-7dw0
Optimise Approach Coming:
@19. Remove Nth Node From End of List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/solutions/7203239/java-beats-100-o-n

#20. Valid Parentheses
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/solutions/7165188/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-w04f
@https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/solutions/7203668/java-beats-100-o-n


#21. Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/solutions/7120554/java-100-on-m-by-amitk300-ghje


#24. Swap Nodes in Pairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/solutions/7145974/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-uye5

#25. Reverse Nodes in k-Group
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group/solutions/7138491/java-simple-solution-on-by-amitk300-q70t

@26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/solutions/7223398/java-beats-100-o-n

@27. Remove Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/solutions/7252587/java-beats-100-o-n

#@28. Find the Index of the First Occurrence in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/solutions/7093122/java-beats-100-om-n-by-amitk300-5fkp
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/solutions/7253005/java-beats-100-ologn-by-zerogrind-n4ja

# @33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/solutions/6971633/java-solution-100-binary-search-ologn-by-a2oo
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/solutions/7212737/java-beats-100-o-n

@# 35. Search Insert Position
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/solutions/7284936/java-binary-search-beats-100-by-zerogrin-g4c0
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/solutions/7284939/java-binary-search-o-logn

@41. First Missing Positive
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-missing-positive/solutions/7277443/java-beats-100-sorting-approach

#50. Pow(x, n)
https://leetcode.com/problems/powx-n/solutions/7308993/java-beats-100-recursion-approach-by-ami-h8og

#51. N-Queens
https://leetcode.com/problems/n-queens/solutions/7040149/java-beats-100-time-space-on-by-amitk300-7tmi

@58. Length of Last Word
https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/solutions/7256598/java-beats-100-o-n

#61. Rotate List
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-list/solutions/7138705/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-zmnt

@62. Unique Paths
https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/solutions/7304333/java-2d-dp-recursion-beats-100-by-zerogr-yicq

#63. Unique Paths II
https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths-ii/solutions/7307265/java-2d-dp-beats-100-by-amitk300-trdd

#@69 Sqrt
https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/solutions/6962942/binary-search-1-x-const-space
https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/solutions/7284929/java-beats-100-ologn-by-zerogrind-b2gn

@70. Climbing Stairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/solutions/7286375/java-dp-memoization

$71A. A. Way Too Long Words
https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/71/A

#74. Search a 2D Matrix
#https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/solutions/7076727/java-beats-100-recursive-solution-by-ami-ye17

#78. Subsets
https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets/solutions/7006498/java-simple-list-approach-by-amitk300-0nzv

#81. Search in Rotated Sorted Array II
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/solutions/7061580/java-beats-100-ologn-by-amitk300-3rfx

#82. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii/solutions/7147565/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-qeq7

#83. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List 
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/solutions/7120102/java-100-on-by-amitk300-rxye

#84. Largest Rectangle in Histogram(accending order is the main thing)
https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/solutions/7165084/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-a4ra

#86. Partition List
https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-list/solutions/7293578/java-two-pointer-beats-100

#88. Merge Sorted Array


#90. Subsets II
https://leetcode.com/problems/subsets-ii/solutions/7025499/java-bests-100-simple-solution-by-amitk3-ssej

#92. Reverse Linked List II
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii/solutions/7134415/java-beats-100-on-o1-by-amitk300-g2if 

@94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/solutions/7219261/java-beats-100-o-n

@96. Unique Binary Search Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-binary-search-trees/solutions/7260041/java-beats-100-o-n

@98. Validate Binary Search Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/validate-binary-search-tree/solutions/7245188/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-0qc4

@100. Same Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/solutions/7255170/java-beats-100-bfs-on-by-zerogrind-1x18

@101. Symmetric Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/solutions/7232089/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-fsdr
https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/solutions/7232137/java-beats-100-bfs-approach-by-zerogrind-slhk

@102. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/solutions/7218673/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-441p

@103. Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/submissions/1782929810

@104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-binary-tree/solutions/7232290/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-dqm5

@105. Construct Binary Tree from Preorder and Inorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal/solutions/7270124/java-beats-100-recursive-solution-by-zer-mhx9

@106. Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal
https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/solutions/7270352/java-beats-100-recursive-approach-by-zer-6ywc

@107. Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal-ii/solutions/7227207/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-khnm

@112. Path Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/solutions/7232610/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-oby4

@114. Flatten Binary Tree to Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-binary-tree-to-linked-list/solutions/7239070/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-6e70

@116. Populating Next Right Pointers in Each Node
https://leetcode.com/problems/populating-next-right-pointers-in-each-node/solutions/7227654/java-beats-100-o1-extra-space-by-zerogri-g4kx

#125. Valid Palindrome
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/solutions/6980911/java-recursive-solution-o1-by-amitk300-8ahj
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/solutions/6980977/java-brute-force-approach-o1-by-amitk300-dtvh

@127. Word Ladder
https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder/solutions/7262604/java-beats-100-bfs-approach

@129. Sum Root to Leaf Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/solutions/7232654/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-cshj

#@141. Linked List Cycle no optimise bets 15% only
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/solutions/7123261/java-on-o1-by-amitk300-d6ib
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/solutions/7123289/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-crv8
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/solutions/7277362/java-fast-and-slow-pointer-beats-100

#142. Linked List Cycle II
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/solutions/7123578/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-ceoc

#143. Reorder List
https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/solutions/7138361/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-9o56

#148. Sort List
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/solutions/7127172/java-beats-95-onlogn-by-amitk300-fwmh

#151. Reverse Words in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/solutions/7291423/java-string-methods-o-n

#153. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/solutions/7072616/java-beats-100-ologn-by-amitk300-hybw

#154. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array II
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/solutions/7072765/java-beats-100-ologn-by-amitk300-9klf

@165. Compare Version Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/compare-version-numbers/solutions/7218498/java-beats-100-o-n

#167. Two Sum II - Input Array Is Sorted
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/solutions/7182786/java-beats-100-o-n

#@169. Majority Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/solutions/7183631/java-beats-100-o-n
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/solutions/7284958/java-map-approach-on-by-zerogrind-pvwi

@191. Number of 1 Bits
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits/solutions/7256668/java-beats-100-o-1

@198. House Robber
https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/solutions/7289972/dp-java-beats-100-by-zerogrind-6o4x

@199. Binary Tree Right Side View
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-right-side-view/solutions/7228262/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-b8de

#201. Bitwise AND of Numbers Range
https://leetcode.com/problems/bitwise-and-of-numbers-range/solutions/6971784/java-bit-manupulation-beats-100-by-amitk-uk1r

#@202. Happy Number (two pointer slow fast)
https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/solutions/7126865/java-beats-100-ologn-by-amitk300-t1rs
https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/solutions/7307346/java-fast-slow-pointer-beats-100-by-zero-7bhp

#203. Remove Linked List Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/solutions/7150949/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-xwwc

#@206. Reverse Linked List 
-inPlace approach: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/solutions/7130606/java-100-ono1-by-amitk300-3izr
-recursive approach: https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/solutions/7130547/java-100-on-by-amitk300-2ayo
-inPlace approach 3 pointers:https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/solutions/7200399/java-beats-100-o-n

#209. Minimum Size Subarray Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/solutions/7107555/java-beats-100-simple-solution-by-amitk3-x4vw
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/solutions/7295501/java-two-pointer-beats-100

@226. Invert Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/solutions/7232275/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-3d05

@230. Kth Smallest Element in a BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/solutions/7245267/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-a88a

#231. Power of Two
https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/solutions/6968118/java-solution-bit-manupulation-100-beats

#232. Implement Queue using Stacks(2 stacks)
https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/solutions/7162362/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-lq9e

#234. Palindrome Linked List - optmise if can dry run also
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/solutions/7134616/java-simple-solution-onlogn-by-amitk300-x5ox

@236. Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/solutions/7232594/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-p3kf

#237. Delete Node in a Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/solutions/7150990/java-beats-100-o1-by-amitk300-830n

#242. Valid Anagram
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/solutions/7179494/java-beats-100-o-n

#268. Missing Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/solutions/6974474/java-beats100-on-by-amitk300-ajrs

#287. Find the Duplicate Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-duplicate-number/solutions/6980816/java-5-lines-of-code-o1-const-by-amitk30-3bkh

#328. Odd Even Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/solutions/7168476/java-beats-100-o-n

#342. Power of Four
https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-four/solutions/7037172/java-beats-100-ologn-by-amitk300-jjz9/

#344. Reverse String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/solutions/6944065/java-simple-for-loop-via-recusion-as-wel-zpel

#367. Valid Perfect Square
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-square/solutions/7083664/java-beats-100-one-line-solution-by-amit-thvw

#387. First Unique Character in a String
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-unique-character-in-a-string/solutions/7179567/java-beats-100-o-n

#389. Find the Difference
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/solutions/7044544/java-beats-100-3-lines-of-code-by-amitk3-javl

#397. Integer Replacement
https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-replacement/solutions/6991701/java-solution-100-logn-by-amitk300-0cby

@449. Serialize and Deserialize BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-bst/solutions/7273003/java-bfs-on-by-zerogrind-i6k5

# weekly 564
Q1. Bitwise OR of Even Numbers in an Array
https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-468/problems/bitwise-or-of-even-numbers-in-an-array/description/
Q2. Maximum Total Subarray Value I
https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-468/problems/maximum-total-subarray-value-i/description/

#@509. Fibonacci Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/solutions/6943844/java-3-lines-of-code-recursive-approach
https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/solutions/7308982/java-beats-100-1d-dp :optimised

@543. Diameter of Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/solutions/7232237/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-denr


@637. Average of Levels in Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/solutions/7262835/java-bfs-on-set-approach-by-zerogrind-93ya
https://leetcode.com/problems/average-of-levels-in-binary-tree/solutions/7219071/java-beats-100-o-n

@653. Two Sum IV - Input is a BST
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/solutions/7262822/java-bfs-on2-brute-approach-by-zerogrind-p875

#693. Binary Number with Alternating Bits
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-number-with-alternating-bits/solutions/6979845/java-ologn-beats-100-by-amitk300-lafg

#704 binary search LTC 
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/solutions/6942909/recursive-simple-binary-search

#803 flip bit
https://leetcode.com/problems/flipping-an-image/solutions/6962190/java-solution-onm-cont-space-by-amitk300-ex6r

#876. Middle of the Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/solutions/7126918/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-7g5s

#921. Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-add-to-make-parentheses-valid/solutions/7165271/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-aegk

@976. Largest Perimeter Triangle
https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-perimeter-triangle/solutions/7231720/java-beats-100-onlogn-by-zerogrind-cko3

@993. Cousins in Binary Trees
https://leetcode.com/problems/cousins-in-binary-tree/solutions/7228393/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-xaff

#1480. Running Sum of 1d Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/solutions/7168855/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-t0pq

#1486. XOR Operation in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array/solutions/6996138/java-bests-100on-by-amitk300-35og

#1541 (stack)

@#1625. Lexicographically Smallest String After Applying Operations
https://leetcode.com/problems/lexicographically-smallest-string-after-applying-operations/solutions/7284988/java-beats-100-on2-by-amitk300-tak1
https://leetcode.com/problems/lexicographically-smallest-string-after-applying-operations/solutions/7284986/java-beats-100-on2-by-zerogrind-ysgc

#1662. Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent
https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent/solutions/7179908/java-beats-100-o-n

#@1716. Calculate Money in Leetcode Bank
https://leetcode.com/problems/calculate-money-in-leetcode-bank/solutions/7299462/java-recursive-solution-beats-100-by-ami-4w4c
https://leetcode.com/problems/calculate-money-in-leetcode-bank/solutions/7299463/java-beats-100-recursive-solution-by-zer-36nk

#@2043. Simple Bank System
https://leetcode.com/problems/simple-bank-system/solutions/7301627/java-o1-oops-concepts-by-amitk300-74gh
https://leetcode.com/problems/simple-bank-system/solutions/7301624/java-oops-concepts-o1-by-zerogrind-c0cz

@2221. Find Triangular Sum of an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-triangular-sum-of-an-array/solutions/7235492/java-o-n-queue-approach
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-triangular-sum-of-an-array/solutions/7235578/java-beats-100-recursion-approach

@2273. Find Resultant Array After Removing Anagrams
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-resultant-array-after-removing-anagrams/solutions/7273105/java-beats-100-on-by-zerogrind-pcx9

#2351. First Letter to Appear Twice
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-letter-to-appear-twice/solutions/7000145/java-beats-100-recursive-solution-by-ami-zjoo
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-letter-to-appear-twice/solutions/7000196/java-beats-100-simple-solution-by-amitk3-i6lu

2733. Neither Minimum nor Maximum
https://leetcode.com/problems/neither-minimum-nor-maximum/solutions/7312826/java-best-solution-in-place-sorting-by-z-bwcg

@3005. Count Elements With Maximum Frequency
https://leetcode.com/problems/count-elements-with-maximum-frequency/solutions/7212961/java-beats-100-o-n

#@3354. Make Array Elements Equal to Zero
https://leetcode.com/problems/make-array-elements-equal-to-zero/solutions/7306962/java-recursion-on-by-zerogrind-ioxt
https://leetcode.com/problems/make-array-elements-equal-to-zero/solutions/7306985/java-simple-recursion-on-by-amitk300-jhvd

#@3370. Smallest Number With All Set Bits
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-with-all-set-bits/solutions/7004474/java-beats-100-ologn-by-amitk300-cr0g
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-with-all-set-bits/solutions/7309101/java-beats-100-bit-manupulation-by-amitk-kmyx
https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-with-all-set-bits/solutions/7309104/java-beats-100-bit-manupulation-by-zerog-bl3u

#@3461. Check If Digits Are Equal in String After Operations I
https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-digits-are-equal-in-string-after-operations-i/solutions/7294500/java-beats-100-recursion-by-amitk300-uqy7
https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-digits-are-equal-in-string-after-operations-i/solutions/7294501/java-recursion-beats-100-by-zerogrind-xjor

#3541. Find Most Frequent Vowel and Consonant
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-most-frequent-vowel-and-consonant/solutions/7186849/java-beats-100-on-by-amitk300-ga08

git add Posts.txt
git commit -m "Updated Posts.txt"
git push

or

git add Posts.txt && git commit -m "update" && git push









